Feature: improve compiler detection (#1789)
conan-io/docs: reference/conan_v2_mode.rst

  Previously, if it was not explicit, it was using lowercase ``cpp_info.name`` when it was different
  from the package name.

> * New compiler detection algorithm is used (e.g. when running ``conan profile new <name> --detect``).
>   Previously, ``<compiler> --version`` was parsed to detect the compiler and its version. Now, if you're running
>   ``CONAN_V2_MODE``, conan will try to detect the compiler and its version via compiler's built-in macro definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New compiler detection algorithm is used (e.g. when running ``conan profile new <name> --detect``).
  Previously, ``<compiler> --version`` was parsed to detect the compiler and its version. Now, using
  ``CONAN_V2_MODE``, Conan will try to detect the compiler and its version via compiler's built-in macro definitions.
```
